(The video is recorded at Padma Samye Ling Monastery and Retreat Center on April 8, 2008.)
"And along with Bodhichitta, then, of course, again, this is something that is important
to think about in permanent joy and appreciation and kind of like igniting those qualities.
It's not something that we're making up these things.
It's truly we have all those things, joy and beautiful situations and circumstances.
Bring all this goodness, qualities.
That is what practice itself.
Practice is not practicing of all the witness of the ego, cling, this and that.
Practice means goodness, qualities of the natures.
Bring joy, appreciation, and kind of like, and respect and appreciation and happiness
at the same time.
And also in permanent, in all these situation, kind of looking exactly where things are,
not just ignoring, not just covering up that.
That all make mind some more kind of settle, mind more gentle, mind more kind of like down
to the earth.
And then we can, again, make everything but more practical, more kind of simple.
And also thinking of those things, immediately knocking the ego clingings.
Ego clingings are so kind of like regiment and consumption.
It's also one way ego clingings is very, very stubborn and all that.
When you look into the nature where the really true is, then that really will also soften
our egos and kind of like grasping and clinging and all that.
So it naturally help us to bring our goodness, qualities and all those are very, very kind
of important.
[Music]